Updates related to the S40H modem launch (#286)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2024-03-01-Product-Launch-S40H-series-modems.md

---
layout: post
title: New Product Launch - Subnero High-Speed Acoustic Smart Modems
banner: images/banner-pulse-hf.jpg
date:  2024-03-01
categories: wnc news
thumbnail: images/pulse-thumbnail-hf.jpg
---

*Singapore, March 11, 2024* – Subnero Pte. Ltd., a leading provider of underwater communication solutions headquartered in Singapore, proudly announces the launch of its latest innovation, the [S40H series](/products/modem.html?&section=S40Hseries) of high-speed acoustic smart modems, marking a significant advancement in wireless networked communication ([WNC](/products/wnc.html)) technology.

<div class='pulse-img-div'>
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/pulse-hf-pr.jpg" class='pulse-img'>
</div>

Designed to excel in challenging shallow water conditions, the S40H series introduces a groundbreaking blend of cutting-edge features:

> - **Enhanced Performance:** Utilizing a higher frequency band and boasting a larger bandwidth (25 kHz bandwidth, from 25 - 50 kHz band), the S40H series achieves data rates of up to 33 kbps, ensuring seamless connectivity even in the harshest underwater environments.

Reviewer: The term "Enhanced Performance" appears twice in the list of points below.

```suggestion
- **High Data Rates:** Utilizing a higher frequency band and boasting a larger bandwidth (25 kHz bandwidth, from 25 - 50 kHz band), the S40H series achieves data rates of up to 33 kbps, ensuring seamless connectivity even in the harshest underwater environments.
```

> - **Extended Range:** With the capability to provide connectivity for up to 1 km, these modems offer unparalleled communication range, enabling unprecedented access in challenging conditions.

Reviewer: My suggestion is to shorten the sentence and avoid the double use of the word "unparallelled" which is used for another point below.
```suggestion
- **Extended Range:** With the capability to provide wireless connectivity for a communication range up to 1 km, enabling unprecedented access in challenging conditions.
```

- **Versatile Applications:** Equipped with advanced underwater communication algorithms, the S40H series unlocks a myriad of possibilities, including high-speed data transfer for underwater IoT applications, underwater image transfer, and large sensor payload data transfer for marine robotics.

> - **Enhanced Performance:** The [multi-channel variant](/products/wnc-s40hss4+xch.html) of the modem further enhances performance through robust links supported by leveraging spatial diversity combining techniques.

Reviewer: Proposed another word as the term "performance" appears twice in this list of points.
```suggestion
- **Enhanced Capability:** The [multi-channel variant](/products/wnc-s40hss4+xch.html) of the modem further enhances performance through robust links supported by leveraging spatial diversity combining techniques.
```

> - **Powered by UnetStack:** Leveraging UnetStack, a versatile software framework for underwater communications and networking, the S40H series delivers unparalleled performance and adaptability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Powered by UnetStack:** Leveraging [UnetStack](https://unetstack.net/), a versatile software framework for underwater communications and networking, the S40H series delivers unparalleled performance and adaptability.
```

- **Class-Leading Performance:** Combining a software-defined open architecture design with edge computing capability and machine learning-based link tuning features, these modems set a new standard for performance in the subsea wireless industry.

The S40H series modems are officially launched during Oceanology International 2024, with immediate availability for orders. Shipping will commence during the summer of 2024.

*About Subnero:* Subnero serves defense, marine, subsea, offshore energy, and scientific research sectors with global customers, enabling a range of use cases in the most demanding conditions. For more information, visit [Subnero's website](https://subnero.com).

> For media inquiries, please contact sales@subnero.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For media inquiries, please contact sales@subnero.com.
```
